Would you rather have telekinesis (the ability to move things with your mind) or telepathy (the ability to read minds)?
Would you rather team up with Wonder Woman or Captain Marvel?
Would you rather have another 10 years with your partner or a one-night stand with your celebrity crush?
Would you rather lose your sight or your memories?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather have a super long nose or a ridiculously long tongue?
Would you rather be trapped on an island with someone who’s top half is a fish or who’s bottom half is a fish?
Would you rather have hair for teeth or teeth for hair?
Would you rather be stuck in a tank with a shark or in a room crawling with spiders?
Would you rather wake up to find all your teeth have been replaced by sharp fangs or your hands with claws?
Would you rather have every mirror you look into show your future or your death?
Would you rather be trapped in a room with spiders crawling over you or snakes slithering around your feet?
Would you rather eat a meal prepared by a cannibal chef or drink a potion made by a witch?
Would you rather find out your house was built on an ancient burial ground or a site of a historical massacre?
Would you rather be able to speak to the dead but they all resent you or be friends with a demon who secretly plans your demise?
Would you rather sleep in a coffin for one night or spend a night in a morgue?
Would you rather have a cursed doll that moves when you're not looking or a painting in your house that changes scenes?
Would you rather always feel like you're being followed or always see shadows darting in your peripheral vision?
Would you rather bathe in a tub full of worms or sleep in a bed of maggots?
Would you rather have a swarm of bats fly out every time you open your mouth or have spiders crawl out of your ears when you yawn?
Would you rather be able to talk to animals but they all hate you or plants that whisper dark secrets?
Would you rather find a secret room in your house that locks from the inside or a hidden basement with unknown contents?
Would you rather be cursed to turn into a werewolf during every full moon or a vampire with an unquenchable thirst for blood?
Would you rather walk through a forest where the trees have faces and whisper your name or swim in a lake where shadows swim beneath the surface?
Would you rather wake up in a different body every day but retain your consciousness or stay in your body but share it with a different soul every night?
Would you rather have nightmares every night that come true or live a life where you can't distinguish between reality and dreams?
Would you rather find out that every mirror is a window to an alternate, sinister dimension or that every book you read transports you into its world, but not all are friendly?
Would you rather be able to see how people die just by touching them or be doomed to relive the last 24 hours of a deceased person's life when you sleep?
Would you rather have a ghostly figure appear in all your photographs or hear an unknown entity singing lullabies in your house at night?
Would you rather have the power to bring one person back from the dead but someone else must take their place or live forever but witness everyone you love perish?
Would you rather find out your reflection has a mind of its own or that your shadow detaches at night to wander freely?
Would you rather be forced to live in a house where the walls bleed every night or where eerie, disembodied laughter is heard at 3 AM?
Would you rather be able to predict disasters but no one believes you or be completely unaware until they happen?
Would you rather watch strangers have sex or have strangers watch you have sex?
Would you rather be silenced with a gag ball or spanked with a paddle?
Would you rather only have very loud sex or totally silent sex?
Would you rather have sex while blindfolded or handcuffed?
Would you rather have sex with a goat and no one finds out or not have sex with a goat but everyone thinks you did?
Would you rather eat fresh food off the floor or rotten food off of a model's body?
Would you rather never have an orgasm or never find true love?
Would you rather loudly orgasm after every time you cough or come every time you sneeze?
Would you rather eat pasta with ketchup OR carrots with Nutella?
Would you rather have sex in front of all your partner's friends OR their grandmother?